Apple CEO Tim Cook announced the iPhone 15 at a keynote in Cupertino on September 12.
Microsoft acquired Activision Blizzard for 68.7 billion dollars in October 2023.
Tesla opened a Gigafactory near Berlin and hired 12000 workers.
The European Central Bank raised interest rates by 25 basis points in Frankfurt.
Sundar Pichai said Google would invest 1 billion dollars in UK data centres.
Amazon reported 143.1 billion dollars in revenue for the third quarter.
Nvidia unveiled the H100 GPU at a conference in San Jose.
The World Health Organization warned about measles outbreaks in Europe.
OpenAI released GPT-4 Turbo to developers in San Francisco.
Toyota will build a battery plant in North Carolina by 2025.
The Federal Reserve left rates unchanged after its meeting in Washington.
Samsung started mass production of 3nm chips at its Pyeongtaek campus.
Meta laid off 10000 employees across its Reality Labs division.
Researchers at MIT published a paper on room-temperature superconductors.
The Bank of Japan kept its yield curve control policy in Tokyo.
Netflix added 8.8 million subscribers in the fourth quarter.
Pfizer priced its COVID-19 vaccine at 120 dollars per dose.
The Indian Space Research Organisation launched Chandrayaan-3 from Sriharikota.
Intel delayed its Ohio fab until 2026 because of weak demand.
The Louvre in Paris welcomed 8.9 million visitors last year.
Anthropic raised 4 billion dollars from Amazon for AI safety work.
The Reserve Bank of Australia held its cash rate at 4.10 percent.
SpaceX launched 23 Starlink satellites aboard a Falcon 9 from Florida.
HSBC agreed to sell its Canadian unit to RBC for 10 billion dollars.
The Nobel Prize in Physics went to three scientists for attosecond pulses.
Airbus signed a deal with IndiGo for 500 narrow-body aircraft.
The IMF cut its global growth forecast to 2.9 percent for next year.
ByteDance valued TikTok at 220 billion dollars in a share buyback.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange extended trading hours starting in November.
Novo Nordisk reported strong demand for Wegovy in Denmark and the United States.
The Vatican hosted a climate conference with mayors from 30 cities.
Rivian delivered 15600 vehicles and narrowed its quarterly loss.
The Bank of England warned of persistent services inflation in London.
Alibaba spun off its cloud unit and listed Cainiao in Hong Kong.
The US Senate passed a 95 billion dollar foreign aid package.
Siemens announced a 2 billion euro investment in industrial AI in Munich.
